Add basic architecture docs on Leader leases (#18989)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.3/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md

[`cockroach demo`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-demo.md %})     | Start a temporary, in-memory CockroachDB cluster, and open an interactive SQL shell to it.
[`cockroach sqlfmt`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-sqlfmt.md %}) | Reformat SQL queries for enhanced clarity.

### Leader leases

{% include {{ page.version.version }}/leader-leases-intro.md %}

> For more information, see [Architecture > Replication Layer > Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Architecture > Replication Layer > Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).
```

Author: this one i'm gonna punt on, so many people are touching the same files right now i'd hate to conflict over this
